Documentation updates to increase readability (#1004)
rackerlabs/genestack: docs/infrastructure-mariadb.md

## Deploy the mariadb operator

```
CLUSTER_NAME=`kubectl config view --minify -o jsonpath='{.clusters[0].name}'`
echo $CLUSTER_NAME
```

If `cluster_name` was anything other than `cluster.local` you should pass that as a parameter to the installer

> !!! example "Run the mariadb-operator deployment Script `/opt/genestack/bin/install-mariadb-operator.sh` You can include cluster_name paramater. No paramaters deploys with `cluster.local` cluster name."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! example "Run the mariadb-operator deployment Script `/opt/genestack/bin/install-mariadb-operator.sh` You can include cluster_name paramater from the output of $CLUSTER_NAME. If no paramaters are provided, the system will deploy with `cluster.local` as the cluster name."
```
